

Freesteel Computer Aided Manufacture Algorithms 
is released under the General Public License 
(see gpl.txt which should be with this distribution).  

For better integration, certain lower level 
functions and classes may be re-released under 
the FreeBSD license at a later date.  

The General Public License requires that anyone 
who has access to any compiled binaries based 
on this source code, in full or in part, 
must have free access to the source code of 
those full compiled binaries.  This applies to 
the whole application even if this source 
code is compiled into a dynamically linked 
library and linked into the application 
separately; the whole application must make 
its source code public to whomever has access 
to it.  

If the application you are writing is an experimental 
version for testing purposes, and is seen 
only privately within a company, the 
GPL is satisfied because all the people 
who are within the company, who use and 
see the software, technically have access 
to the source code.  The line is crossed 
when the software is distributed to 
the wider world without the full source 
code of the application going with it.  

If you would like to use this software 
in a proprietary system for sale and 
profit, please contact CIMCO Integration 
for a private license on reasonable 
and negotiable terms.  All the source 
code in this module which is copyright 
Julian Todd and/or Martin Dunschen has 
been delivered to them under separate 
terms which makes this possible.  When 
they sell the source code to you, it 
may look the same, and do the same thing, 
but it is is not the same because their 
copy is not distributed under the GPL 
and your rights will be different.  

If you use this software against the 
terms of the GPL, and you haven't obtained 
your copy from a source that has been 
authorized by the copyright holders 
(where-upon it will have a different 
license at the heading of each file), 
you will be found out.  The Computer Aided 
Manufacturing market is very small, and 
we can recognize the behaviour of this 
software from a mile off, and we will 
come and get you for breach of copyright.  
It's not worth it.  You should contact 
CIMCO and purchase it on reasonable terms.  

If you use this software within the 
terms of the GPL, in that you distribute 
it in other systems whose source code has 
also been published under the terms of 
the GPL, then you will have our full and 
unqualified support.  

For further clarifications and technical 
questions, please email 
julian@goatchurch.org.uk

Julian Todd and Martin Dunschen
18 February 2004




